How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It only shows difference as opposed to the entire code.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more 
efficient programmer in the long term?

    You waste less time backtracking.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pro of manual: versions can be created with more sensible increments.
    Con of manual: forgetfulness

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Programs often work in conjunction if imports are used. Docs are independent documents

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log will shows names of past versions.
    git diff will compare two versions of your choice

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    You can always revert to the previous stable version

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    HW assignments in my future course

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

	Having easy access to the entire history allows the programmer to better track when errors were introduced.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

	Manual commit: forgetfulness
	Automatic commit: too many/few versions in addition to awkward "chunks" being saved

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

	Multiple files in one commit: programs often work together. Therefore, this feature is necessary in Git.
	Treat each file separately: documents are often standalone and is easier tracked on an individual basis.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

	git log displays version history. git diff can compare 2 specific versions of the file.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

	One can feel confident that he or she can always revert to a previous stable state. One can take more risk!

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

	Homework prolems!
	Capstone projects? Definitely...